Want to be forgiven...

I've known my husband for almost 6 years now (dating and marriage together). This year will be our 4th wedding anniversary. Up until two years ago, our whole relationship was long distance (even the first two years of our marriage). When we started living together, things changed. In the begining, we'd had lots of ups and downs...lots of talk of divorce, or more so him telling me to leave because he wanted to go back to live with his family after his father passed away. I knew he was trying to push me away. I'd hear on an almost daily basis that he wanted me out, that if I wasn't in his life he wouldn't have to worry about "what to do" that he'd up and leave with no worries...This was a daily trend. At first I thought it may have to do with the stress of him being laid off, but even when he did find employment it didn't help. He has 4 sisters...and he loves them very very much...and everytime we got into an argument, I always told him that "how would you feel if some guy told your sister the same thing"? So..., when we were at the peak of one of our arguments, it was pretty severe (just words but they can cut like a knife too) I seeked God and I just begged, I begged from the depths of my soul that the only single sister that he has to get married and that her husband treats her the same way mine treated me...but our good times and our bad no more no less, so that he can see, realize how much he'd hurt me. I begged God because I didn't and don't want to leave him. I love him and know that we can have a good life together, if he can get passed his depression and realize that his father's passing didn't have to do with him (he had a tumor) but he feels alot of guilt for not being there and everyday our life is just building upon a thread. And so I prayed for his sister...Less than a couple of weeks later we received word that she's met someone, less than a couple of months later she was engaged and this March they were married and now she's pregnant and complaining to her brother talking about possibly getting a divorce and lot of their issues are the almost the same as ours...he's quiet at home, wants to be with his friends, wants her to leave so he can be with his family...the only difference is that she's pregnant and almost has no choice be to stay at least for the child...and now I feel really guilty...I didn't mean for this to happen. I never prayed for this...And the worst is yesterday, I told my husband that maybe it's Karma...maybe you're now seeing how you treated me and he was hurt...and I'm ashamed that I even said it especially in her situation... I don't know what to do except pray that things get better for her that it's just the first two months and their marriage will be strong, but I don't know. I prayed alot of things that night...I was having problems with my own family too...because of little dumb things that they all pick on me for and use as solid excuses not to speak to me...so I prayed that each and everyone in my own family experiences what I did that each of my sisters and my brother (when they do get married one day) to experience how horrible they made me feel...And above all at the time I seeked God and prayed never to be able to get pregnant...and then later I prayed that if we're meant to be together (not get divorced) that I get pregnant, but if not then no matter how much we try I don't...And now we've tried for a few months last summer with no results...I don't know if that's God answering my prayers saying that we're not going to be together...or just answering the first part I did in anger and never letting me get pregnant regardless...I feel that I've used God and my prayers for all the wrong reasons. I was heart broken and let my emotions get the better of me and I prayed and wished for some things that I shouldn't have and I don't know how to take it back and how I'm going to pay for all of this in the near future....I just want to be forgiven and I want to not be so cold...I don't know how to change all that i've done...I want to un-do all this...everyting and I don't know how...