A Letter From Sasha

Xander, I am writing you a letter out of sincere concern for the fact that you are driving me crazy. I love you very much, and have tried and hopefully succeeded in many ways to pledge and abide by that love. I have gone out of my way helplessly to increase and maintain my love and respect for you. I know I have made mistakes in this relationship, and I hearbye admit that those mistakes where mine and mine alone. I have a selfish side that can come out and also my moods differ greatly depending on stress. I really love you Xander. I remember when I waited anxiously all day thinking of nothing else but getting a phone call from you. You where my everything and I was willing to travel to the ends of the earth and back just to see you. But Xander, you have screwed up royally. I can't even begin to find the words to describe how messy our lives together have gotten. And in reality most people dealing with this type of stuff are like, almost ten years older than me. Look, a lot of it has to do with hypocritical stuff you pulled. Random stupidness that was selfish and stingy that's the stuff that I can eventually grow to forgive. But there were other things. Things that weren't just superficial. Or maybe; One thing in particular. You told me you were in love with another person, for almost a whole two years. You claim that your reason for doing this was a complete class act of revenge upon my infidelity. Well, if this is true you probably wanted me to manifest negative emotions. Possibly the same way you yourself may have been feeling should this be true. Fear, Jealousy, Sadness, Envy, Regret, The list goes on and on. But in my greatest honesty I felt no such thing. Yes sadness came much later to date. But first I did what I seem to do best in this world. I sat. Yes, I did a lot of thinking. After I sat, and while I sat. I both sat, and thought for a very, very long time. Most of your average juvenile teens around here would have probably looked about this the wrong way. They would develop some strange way of hating this other girl who stole what was supposed to be the only thing that's theirs, and theirs alone. Their boyfriend. They proably would have sat for a while yes. Then gotten all jealous and done something stupid. I'd like to think that after all the things I been through I have a more peaceful resolve. You see, I strongly believe that the heart has a mind of its own. Sometimes it may even makes decisions for us. And when you cry to the heart it does listen, sometimes with a capacity far greater than the human mind. And while sitting and thinking I also listened to my heart. I didn't ask myself what does she have that I don't" or "why does he love her more than me" In fact the question itself had no why nor what involved. It was simply: Does she make him happy. My answer to this question