Chew Toy

On Monday, in the year 2007, my dog, Puddles, died. Puddles died from ingesting a chew toy I bought him from a store Here is an account of how things happened... When I brought the toy home for Puddles I was so excited. At last a toy for Puddles that he could chew on. Puddles was still a puppy, and although he had a number of stuffed friends he did not yet have a chew toy. This was going to be a special experience for Puddles. As I expected Puddles was delighted with his new toy and very soon began chewing on it whenever he had the opportunity. Unfortunately over time Puddles relentless chewing began to wear down the toy and I noticed bits of plastic in his stool, however I didn?t think much of it at the time and Puddles kept gnawing away. A curious thing happened one day, I was watching Puddles chewing away at his toy when gradually, ever so slowly he began to chew less enthusiastically, eventually stopping altogether and setting the toy down. He stared at his toy for a long time then got up carefully backing away as if he were trying to escape the toy, struggling against some inexorable force which wouldn?t let him go. He made it as far as the other room, but within 15 minutes he was back at it, chewing away feverishly. Puddles eventually chewed the toy down so far that he was able to partially swallow it, a discovery I made after responding to his tortured screaming. I ran into the room to find Puddles writhing on his side, laying in a spreading pool of bloody vomit. His mouth was levered open and I could clearly see the chew toy lodged in the back of his throat, panicking I forced my hand into his mouth and extracted the worn toy. Puddles recovered with no lasting problems, and seemed to be a bright and happy little dog within a few days, but as time went on Puddles seemed to lapse into a depression. He would mope through the days and was no longer full of bustling puppy energy. I became more and more concerned with Puddles behavior and consequently took to following him around the house in an effort to determine the source of his malady. I soon noticed that Puddles would return over and over to the same spot in the house. The place where I used to store his chew toy. He missed his toy, I could hardly believe it considering the awful hell he had gone through, but it was undeniable. I presented him different a brand of chew toy. One I thought would be more suitable for a dog with his powerful jaws, but he had fixated on his first toy. He would play with the new ones in a half hearted fashion but inevitably he would lose interest in them and mope about until I relented and returned his precious toy to him. It was like a miracle, Puddles was a new dog, he was happy and full of energy. You could find him at any time chewing away at his toy as happy as a pig in slop, this time I promised myself everything would be fine as long as I made sure to replace his toy before it was too worn out. Over the course of a few months Puddles chewed his way through that toy over and over again, I eventually began to notice that Puddles was no longer having as many or as large a bowel movement as was usual for him. I also noticed that his gums were constantly bleeding and he seemed to be getting sick. I attempted to take the chew toy away from him but this only made things worse. He was addicted to this toy, no matter how damaging it was to him he seemed unable to get on without it. Puddles never recovered from his downward spiral. On the day I found him dead his chew toy was firmly clamped in his jaws. Horribly he had bled to death from the inside out. Twin streams of blood issued forth from his mouth and butt. When the vet preformed the autopsy he was shocked at the state of Puddles intestinal tract. It was pitted and necrotic, every square inch was shredded, he had virtually rotted from the inside out. Please, if your dog is chewing on a toy that is hurting him don?t make the same mistake I made. Take the toy from him and don?t give in to his sadness. I wish everyday that Puddles was still alive, I gave the toy to him just wanting him to have fun and enjoy himself, I had never planned for him to play with it to the exclusion of all else. But ultimately his death is on my hands for not being firm, puppies don?t know better. Perhaps if I had started Puddles off playing with chew toys early or multiple toys he would have known that there was no reason to be so crazy for his first. Please, don?t let this happen to you.