the last goodbye was supposed to be hello

I was in 6th grade and my life was all about my friends and family. I always hung out with my best friend and he was actually a guy, he taught me how to skateboard in the summer, we always went fishing together i was a huge tomboy and with him i flet like i was never forgotten. I would go home and we would talk online but we were just friends. I told my brother about how i felt and he just said it wasnt friends for me it was more like love. I had to think about this for awhile then just forgot about it like threw it away. school started again and were in 7th grade. We were the best of freinds and nothin could tear us apart i thought. then i started thinking about what my brother had said. I decided to tell mike how i had felt about him the next day. I went to bed late that night and awoke at 2 to the sound of sirens. i though it was nothing because they dissaperead into the night. when i went to school the next day it was the first time i had ever wore make up i stole my moms mascara and put some on. When i got to school and didnt see mike i just thought he was sick. Mr.lafredo, one of the teachers at our school came into the class and whispered to the teacher. The teacher told us all to be quiet while he talks. The teacher was almost crying and i was wondering what was wrong he started saying there was a fire last night and that one of our dear classmates has passed away. Thats when i relaized what he was saying i ran out of the class room crying my eyes out. i ran to the bench where i sat on the first day of 6th grade and mike had sat next to me and started talking to me. The teacher had came up, he knew me and mike were really close. He offered to call my parents to take me home but i just wanted to be here all day in this spot. If anybody else has had to go through this i am sorry and you are not alone. ever since that day i have never been a tom boy, i have always worn make up and i always cry when i pass by the picture of him hanging in my school hallway, it has been two years but it feels like yesterday whenever it think about it. I havent been able to move on. And every october 5th i go tomboy for the day and carry a picture of us together, his favorite one, in my back pack. the very picture my mom took away because she hated seeing me so depressed every time i saw it. I have never let myself fall in love since and no matter what people say about trying to move on i cant i cant get over the fact that my first love ended so harsh so now i try to get through every day knowing that mike would have wanted me to be happy. I will see him when i see him. I just cant wait to that day.