Never Fall In Love Young, You'll Never Recover.

Since I was fifteen I've been in love with a man I can never ever have. We met around four years ago when he started dating one of my friends. They dated for about two weeks and during that time I became closer to him then I ever had to her. You know how people always ask "Do you believe in love at first sight?" Well with me it wasn't love at first sight. It was a sort of recognition, a connection I had found in someone I had never met before and yet found so very familiar. But you can bet your butt, the second time I looked I was gone. Game over. Hook line and sinker. A while after he broke up with my friend we started dating. It was mostly a long distance thing even though he only lived twenty five minutes away, but he didn't have a car and I didn't have a car and his parents didn't help him out with much especially when it came to seeing his friends, much less his girlfriend. It lasted all of three months. And it was wonderful. I missed him all the time when he wasn't there. I grew to love his voice, deep and dark and sometimes a bit gravely. I'll never have a better 4th of July. But then one day that all came to an end. He called me up drunk and told me that his ex had just told him how she was pregnant with his kid. We had an argument and I hung up on him because I just knew there was no reasoning with him when he was mad and piss drunk, and I didn't want to say anything I would regret. While I waited for him to sober up before I called him back I sat there and thought about the situation. I came to the conclusion that no matter what I would find a way to be with him more often, and I would be there for him no matter what. My will was set in stone. But it didn't go down like that. When I called him back he told me how he just wasn't in love with me anymore and that he couldn't even remember my face, only my eyes and my hair. He told me that he thought we needed to take a break. Right then I knew it was over. The very first day I met him he had told me how he didn't believe in breaks and I that he was just doing this until he could actually see me to break it off in person because that's the kinda guy he is. But I held out for hope and gave it a few weeks. During that time I thought about what it would mean to be in a relationship with a person who didn't love you. I thought about how if it ended I could do what I always did and get over it. I didn't want to be in love with a person who wasn't in love with me, who would never love me as much as I loved him. I didn't want to be someone that you settle for. I believed I deserved better and I still do. Anyway a few weeks later I called him up and asked what he thought about us, and he said he didn't know. I had had enough and broke it off with him. He told me it hurt but from the way he sounded I don't think it really did, at least not very much in comparison as his other break ups had. And just like that it was all over. We've remained extreemly close friends since then even though we don't see each other very much because he lives way out in the country and with gas prices the way they are we just can't afford it. I've seen him through a lot of relationships, and have always been there for him to talk to. Oh, and by the way, it turns out that the kid wasn't even his, which I know hurt like hell because before he found out he had gotten really attatched to the boy. In the last six months he's been recovering from the ending of a three year relationship. It was a bad break. He'll be going into the army soon, which I hope will give him a good change of pace and help him to heal somehow. I myself have been recovering from a bad relationship, and it hasn't been easy. My last relationship was the first time since me and my friend had broken up that I had opened myself up enough to let anybody in, and the person I did let in took advantage... extreem advantage. Before that I had just been bouncing around from one guy to the next because I didn't feel right about starting another relationship when I still had feeling for my friend. It just didn't feel right. I wish I could say that this was just a teenage thing that I just can't seem to let go. But time has proved otherwise. I even tried to cut him out of my life once because I thought that maybe we would be better off without each other. I avoided his calls for a year and when I finally did pick up the phone and call him it was more of a subconcious thing, I didn't really mean to do it... he was happy I had called though, a lot happier then I'd thought he'd be. Over the years we've definatly had our disagreements but it's never really been hostile and from time to time when we are both single (and once when he was not) we'll become romantic. But there's an unspoken rule ya know. The last time after we had finished and we had gone into our in depth discussions which ended up with him talking about his ex, and for the first time I saw him cry because of the fact that he couldn't stop loving her. It broke my heart and I had to do one of the hardest things in my life which was tell him that the should try and get her back. He told me he had already tried and that she didn't want anything to do with him. Anyways after that he told me out of the blue that he loved me too. "too?" I said, "I didn't say anything." He just smiled and said "Just to say..." and I said I loved him too and kissed him. It wasn't meant as a confession of mutual feelings of romantic love. It wasn't a way of telling me that he wanted me back. I know that he's no where ready for another relationship and I know that even if he was it wouldn't be with me. And I know that even if he did want me it wouldn't work out because I go to college in a different state and he's basically going off to war. But I will never forget that moment. Not for as long as I live. I realize that I'm setting myself up here, and please don't think I havn't tried to stop loving him because I've been trying for more than four years now. In fact, a part of me has always hated him for the fact that I can't stop loving him. And I hate myself for not being able to stop, when I've tried so damn hard. During that year we didn't speak, I didn't even say his name unless someone else brought him up which was all of three time if that many. But even when I didn't want it too, his name would always come into my mind, as reminder, as a prayer. I missed him terribly that year. So I've come to the conclusion that no matter what, no matter how I want him in my life if only as a friend, if only to have him there. Because it just doesn't feel right with out him. The only thing I've found to redeem my pride is since that day he told me he didn't love me anymore I havn't shed one tear over him. He can have my body and my heart but I'll be damned if he can have my pride. I'll be God Damned.