i'm trying to shine.

my mom and i have had a pretty rocky relationship with a lot of ups and downs. she just divorced my dad, so i only see her about half of the time i used to. i recently survived a really bad accident, and it's given me a new outlook on life. i now feel that life is so precious and fragile, you should do the things that make you happy all the time. as long as it doesn't harm other people, do whatever you want as long as it makes you happy. it's important to look at the big picture, but it's also important to not focus on that so hard that you lose sight of what's right in front of you. it's important to be happy as much as possible. you need to do what's right by you, because you are the only person you'll have to live with forever. my mom doesn't seem to share the same perspective as me. she believes that it's important to be yourself and be happy, but she thinks it's only okay within certain social guidelines. we just argued for an hour about me getting my nose pierced, because she refuses to let me do it and says that if i really want it and feel that passionate about it, i'll just wait until i'm 18 and don't need parental consent. but from my viewpoint, if i want to do something now that has no long term effects and basically no short term effects, why wait? if i want it now, i should be able to do it now. when i'm eighteen i might not even want to get my nose pierced anymore. it's not like i'll regret wanting it, it's just a feeling. i understand that she doesn't like it and it's not how she pictured me, but it is up to me. in the long run, this really has no significance whatsoever. i guess my real frustration is with the fact that my own mom and i have such different viewpoints and i can't seem to get her to understand where i'm coming from. she says she understands everything i'm saying, and i don't really believe her. it's one thing to comprehend what someone is saying, and it's another to actually understand. she thinks that i want this piercing to somehow complete a part of myself, to heal a part of myself. well i'm healing all the time, and something like a nose ring isn't going to fix anything. she always tells me that i'm so intelligent and beautiful and i don't need a nose ring to feel pretty, but it's really not about that at all. i want to get my nose pierced because i like the way it looks. i had told her that it'll put me in a good mood, the same way a new pair of shoes or a necklace would make me feel. no one puts on new shoes and is indifferent, it always makes you feel kinda cool. so now i'm just sitting in my room freezing, and trying to get over this whole stupid fight about nothing.